Add internal/external traffic KIC guide (#6715)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/guides/custom-class/internal-external.md

---
title: Using Custom Classes to split Internal/External traffic
---

{{ site.kic_product_name }} automatically creates a `kong` `IngressClass` when installed. All of the example ingress definitions in the documentation set `spec.ingressClassName: kong`, which allows things to work by default.

> Advanced users of {{ site.kic_product_name }} may wish to split traffic in to internal and external ingress definitions. This requires multiple {{ site.kic_product_name }} instances, with each pointing to a different `IngressClass`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Advanced users of {{ site.kic_product_name }} may wish to split traffic in to internal and external ingress definitions. This requires multiple {{ site.kic_product_name }} instances, each pointing to a different `IngressClass`
```

## Understanding IngressClass

> The `IngressClass` resource is what binds an `Ingress` definition to an ingress controller. The value in the `spec.controller` field defines which ingress controller will process those ingress definitions. {{ site.kic_product_name }} processes any `IngressClass` where `spec.controller` is set to `ingress-controllers.konghq.com/kong`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IngressClass` resource binds an `Ingress` definition to an ingress controller. The value in the `spec.controller` field defines which ingress controller will process those ingress definitions. {{ site.kic_product_name }} processes any `IngressClass` where `spec.controller` is set to `ingress-controllers.konghq.com/kong`.
```

## Installing Kong

{{ site.kic_product_name }} processes one `IngressClass` per installation. {{ site.kic_product_name }} requires two deployments to split internal and external traffic.

> Each deployment lives in it's own namespace, and the `controller.ingressController.ingressClass` value is set depending on if that deployment should handle internal or external traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each deployment lives in its namespace, and the `controller.ingressController.ingressClass` value is set depending on whether that deployment should handle internal or external traffic.
```

Author: This changes the meaning. It should be `it's own` or words that indicate exclusivity
